What do you want?
Oscar walks in to clothes store
He sees his student, Zare she works in the store
How much is this black shirt?
The shirt is blue and the pants are black
The pants are expensive.
The shirt is expensive too.
My favorite shirt is white.
My favorite pants are white, too.
My shirt is black and my shoes are red.
Expensive clothes
Noting else metter
Forever trusting who we are 
And nothing else metter
Yes we whatch TV with our parents at night
we read ith our teacher every day
Our family and our friends
In the morning or in the afternoon
I eat one pizza and two salads every day
You see your roomantes every day, right.
Yes, I see my roomantes every day
Yes we see our parents every day
Yes we whatch TV with our parents at night
What books do you like
How much is this shirt
Do you cook with your family
Do you offen cook Brasilian food at your
Do you like Portuguese rock too
offen
I love rock Do you listen to rock music too
I really love Portuguese hip hop
Do you listen to Brasilian hip hop, too
You work at a big supermarkt
I really like  the food at this restaurante
I have two jobs. I work at an office and a hospital
I drink tea in the morning, and you
I am Fernanda this is Ana. Ana is a dentist.
An I am a doctor. I have a verry intersting jobs
Emma is a dentist
worse = pior
Yes we play with our friends every day.
My favorute shirt is  white. My favorites pants are white, too
Yes I see TV in English
I have a new hat. She has a new hat too.
I drink tea in the morning and you.
Yes, I drink tea with my friends every day
I eat bread in the morning.

Wow, this is my favorite movie! This is a funny Portuguese movie.
In the movie, a family has a big red dog, and the dog realy funny 

Do you cook Brasilian food otthen
this is a very good Chinese restaurant

Do you chinesse food?

I cook Portuguese ofthen.


My sister Laura and my brother Mike really like Brasilian food. 
I cook Brasilian food for my family ofthen

is the  portuguese restaurant open

My friends and I listen to hip hop music in the car.
Hip-hop is my favorite 
What music do you listen to in the car?
The person and and the friend
listen hip hop in the car

this is a very good consert

Yes this hat is new
Oh, you study English to
This is my favorite book
I  love rock conserts
Do you listen to music often?

Yes I really like books

I really the food at the restaurant
Me too, Alex! The food is delicious
I really love Chinese food.
Do you like Portuguese food, too.

This is a good movie! I love Portuguese movies

I really love Portuguse hip hop
You work at a big supermarkt.
Do you listen to Brazilian hip hop too
This is a very good consert. I love rock conserts.


Yes this hat is new
Oh, you study English to
This is my favorite book
I  love rock conserts
Do you listen to music often?
Do you need help with your English homeword
You are verry busy, do you need help
I have three English exams, I am verry busy
Junior and Eddy are at the mall
Junior e Eddy estão no shopping
Ok! I want this game Now this game. Now can I have it?
Ugh his house is boring
But his TV is big, and I need to whatch the football game
You don't need to whatch the game, Dad. you want to watch it
Thank you verry much for the coffe
This is Luiz. He is my student 
Carmen is not my student. She is my sister
I am a teacher I teach business. 
What do you teach.
Eu ensino uma aula de musica na universidade
We like our business class a lot
Do you  to the story with your roomate

Hi Emma! my name is Debbie. Do you go to class in the afternoon. Is  Mr. Smith your business professor

Laura and Anna, your school is in the New Yourk. right Where do you study

I have a music exam in the morning

Do you need help with your portuguese homework

He has homework at  night, and he has class in the mornig.
I go to the universidade every morning.
he is tired in the morning
Yes I work here at the universite
Yes eu trabalho aqui na universidade

We go to universidade in the morning and we work at night

This is Luiz He is my student. Carmen is not my student She my sister

Mr. Smith and Mrs. Lee are you professor.

We like our business class a lot

A universidade de vocês é muito grande

We go class in the morning
We like your our business class a lot
Nós gostamos muito da nossa aula de adminstração
We go to class in the morning

I know your sister, but I do not  know your wife 
My new red car is perfect
No I do not have a child
I know your sister, but I do not know your wife
She is a young wooman

My brother David is a very tall young man. My sister Laura is a very tall young wooman, to 

I know your parents, but I do not know your hasband 
Eu conheço seus pais, mas eu não conheço seu marido
A young man and an old man
A young man and a old man
Um homem jovem e um senhor
My brother David a verry tall young man. My sister Laura is a very tall young wooman too.
I know your sister, but I don't know your wife
You father is a funny man
Yes  I know Emma, but I do not know Alex. Is he nice
Do  you have four or live boys
Você tem quatro ou cinco meninos
we have five young girls. They live in our house. We have five old gats, too The house is new,
but very small
Who is he ?  who are they?
I have an old phone in my office
We are Ana and Lisa. We live in a big apartament in Brasilian. 
We like old cars new phones and Brasilian hip-hop
We have a phone in our apartament
Wow this is a nice 
Who are they?? Who is she
Eu moro em um apartamento pequeno im Recife
I live i a small apartament in Recife  

Are you a student? Do you understand this class
#28.02.2024
Are you a student? Do you understand this class
Excuse me, what do you study
Excuse me, how do you say this in spanish
Sofia what do you study?
Where do you teach?
Where do they cats sleeps
She is not Emma.I do not know Emma.
You are not a doctor. You do not work at the hospital
Julia and Jhon do not have a pizza. They are not happy
I do not read a lot.
Do we have a dog or a cat?
Do we have a menu? We do not have a menu
Excuse me, you do not have a hat
Do you speak Spanish
Alex, what do you need
They not from Spanish
Are you from Spanish? Do you speak Spanish?
Where do they teach Spanish
Onde elas ensinam espanhol
Do I need pants?
Excuse me how do you say this in Spanish?
Excuse me, what do you study?
What books do you like?
They do not work at the bank

Você pode mostrar que não entendeu pedindo desculpa:
Sorry?
Excuse me?
Pardon?
I beg your pardon?

Você pode ser informal:
Sorry, what?
(Desculpe, o quê?)
Come again?
(Como disse?)
Pass that by me again?
(Fale para mim de novo?)

Você pode ser formal e explicar que não entendeu:
Sorry, I’m afraid I don’t follow you.
(Desculpe, lamento, mas não consegui entender.)
Excuse me, could you repeat the question?
(Desculpe, poderia repetir a pergunta?)
I’m sorry, I don’t understand. Could you say it again?
(Lamento, não entendi. Poderia repetir?)
Would you mind speaking more slowly?
(Se importaria de falar mais devagar?)




